Armor
Armor - Magical armor with powers to protect its wearer from anything, even the cursed dragon's fire breath.
Sword
Sword - A mighty sword capable of slicing through cursed chains, like the chains that keep the dragon bound in the dungeon.
iPad
iPad description
Poison
Poison - This deadly poison is a rare ingredient coveted by wizards throughout the land.
Magnifying Glass
Magnifying Glass - A magnifying glass can help you see into small openings.
Candle
Cangle - A magical candle with a cold, enduring flame.
Golden Key
GOlden Key - The key required to open cursed locks.
Dungeon Code
Dungeon Code - The code is: CODE
Gatehouse Code
Gatehouse Code description
Blue Gem
Blue Gem - A magical Blue Gem that was part of the king's treasure. He concealed it in his castle before the evil wizard could cure him, in hopes that someone would find it and break the curse.
Green Gem
Green Gem - A magical Green Gem that was part of the king's treasure. He concealed it in his castle before the evil wizard could cure him, in hopes that someone would find it and break the curse.
Purple Gem
Purple Gem - A magical Purple Gem that was part of the king's treasure. He concealed it in his castle before the evil wizard could cure him, in hopes that someone would find it and break the curse.
Red Gem
Red Gem - A magical Red Gem that was part of the king's treasure. He concealed it in his castle before the evil wizard could cure him, in hopes that someone would find it and break the curse.
White Gem
White Gem - A magical White Gem that was part of the king's treasure. He concealed it in his castle before the evil wizard could cure him, in hopes that someone would find it and break the curse.
Yellow Gem
Yellow Gem - A magical Yellow Gem that was part of the king's treasure. He concealed it in his castle before the evil wizard could cure him, in hopes that someone would find it and break the curse.
Rainbow Gem
RainBow Gem - The mythical Rainbow Gem. The breaker of all curses, and the liberator of all enslaved. This was the ultimate crowning jewel in the king's treasure. Whoever possess this powerful artifact can use it to break curses and free those who are imprisoned. The bearer may travel to any room in the castle, at will, and take any item, regardless of availability, at will.